[Music]
of course the represent our he knows
exactly what goes on in that rain and
when it will take place and what will
happen
the referee begins every match with a
search for foreign objects of course the
ref never finds anything why should he
he's in on the scam I forgot your
corners the real purpose of the
shakedown is to give the rep time to
pass on last-minute instructions from
the booker to his wrestlers let's turn
on our secret microphone hear it from
the ref himself right need a couple
extra minutes in the main event okay so
we need you to jump start the clown over
jumping back to Bill
a couple extra minutes of the for the
main event here is going to jump you at
the belt okay guys go back to your
corners referee is is every bit as
important as the to Russell's are but
the more you're aware of in the Warriors
good job wrestlers can't communicate
directly with each other ref faxes the
messenger this is known as passing a
move listen as the ref relays the secret
information hey come on what's your
metal about the men on the corner come
on let the man out of the corner move
are you doing buddy for move
ref slips out of the way at the last
minute and no one is the wiser the
roller referee he is supposed to be
about five seconds behind everybody else
in the building and that is everybody
from the popcorn vendor the guy taking
tickets can see what's going on but the
referee just somehow mrs. at any time
instead of being a policeman in the ring
raft is just one more come one of his
cheats is called the blind eye where he
conveniently overlooks an illegal move
in order to stir up the fans in this tag
team match the ref purposely turns away
just as the tag is being made between
the good guys ref appears to be
reprimanding the villain for climbing
into the ring he's really just waiting
for the signal to turn back around
there's the signal when the ref sees
both good guys in the ring he tries to
kick one of them out this leaves the
villains free to beat the daylights out
of his partner they're all in on it
together when fans see the good guy
being pummeled behind the refs back they
become enraged the crowd then because
they've seen this they get back after
referee they're mad at the helo wrestler
because it's great injustice has
happened and there's nothing they can do
about just like real life it
also serves another underhanded purpose
he paces the action in the ring making
sure the fans blood pressure rises to a
boiling point at just the right moment
of course there's a trick to how he
doesn't the ref is secretly given
directions by the ringside announcer who
is constantly monitoring the excitement
level of the fans the crowd is hot
discreet to finger signal tells the ref
to let the action continued for 10
but if the crowd is losing interest he
puts up one fan shelling the rep to wrap
it up and five and when he sees the
announcers pen the ref knows it's time
to bring down her bring home boy within
seconds match is over
and the third man in the ring has
successfully carried out his secret
mission
he is basically anything that gets the
crowd to erupt you know he'll he's
getting heat obviously it's boos and
hisses when the baby face is getting
heat its cheers and applause
I'm there to entertain fans and I
entertain the fans by making the page me
and love the baby one of the best ways
for a wrestler to make sure the fans
will cheer the hero and boo the villain
is to use the microphone to provoke the
crowd they call this cheap heat because
it's an easy way to get the fans riled
up to be honest to help out the people
booing and cheering kissing you is a lot
of fun because you've done your job well
another surefire trick to generate heat
is by brawling climbing out of the ring
and taking the action up close in person
brushless brawl that's their way of
exciting the crowd and it does get more
than feet a lot of people like to see
brown it's partly wrestlers slap each
others bodies with their forearms to
make the fight sound real
now they've got the crowd and the palms
of their sweaty hands but there are
other ways to stir up the fans like
enlisting the help of the wrestlers
girlfriend she sees me in trouble I mean
she'll grab the guys foot I then kick
him in the back throw them out of the
ring oh then I will grab the referee and
I'll see ya what is your problem why
don't leave me alone the meantime I'm
chit-chatting my girl is laying that man
a beating outside it just hope to me
once I notice she's done doing her job
I'll tell me turn around see her
standing there in the corner not doing
anything and rustling is not what it
appears to be in that sense we were
exactly like Hollywood or the movies
because everything you see is a total
illusion
from a moment the wrestlers entered the
arena their plan is to work the crowd
the villains job is to act as despicable
as he can he wants the crowd to really
hate it there's no better way to turn up
the heat than the old autograph bit
it's a piece of business that makes the
fans despise the villain for tearing up
a little kids autograph book
sure enough this crowd is outraged the
autograph book returns on the oldest
routines in Russian and guess what this
kid is secretly part of the car he's a
shill who's been planted there by the
Booker when the heel grabs the autograph
book and tears it in half the kid does
his best to act stunned and upset
but it's really just part of the hustle
you're working them you're taking their
emotions on a roller coaster ride you
can make him happy you can make them sad
you should make them angry and what
you're doing is you're working the heel
gets booths just as planned and what
about the boy he gets pizza in a ride
home as here's the other secret he's
usually one of the wrestlers own kids
everything is that our total control per
minute we walk in the ring until the
minute we leave the red